                    GNU AFFERO GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 19 November 2007

 Copyright (C) 2025 ArtiPanel Contributors
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.

                            Preamble

  The GNU Affero General Public License is a free, copyleft license for
software and other kinds of works, specifically designed to ensure
cooperation with the community in the case of network server software.

  The licenses for most software and other practical works are designed
to take away your freedom to share and change the works.  By contrast,
our General Public Licenses are intended to guarantee your freedom to
share and change all versions of a program--to make sure it remains free
software for all its users.

  When we speak of free software, we are referring to freedom, not
price.  Our General Public Licenses are designed to make sure that you
have the freedom to distribute copies of free software (and charge for
them if you wish), that you receive source code or can get it if you
want it, that you can change the software or use pieces of it in new
free programs, and that you are aware of these things.

  For the developers' and authors' protection, the GPL clearly explains
that there is no warranty for this free software.  For both users' and
authors' sake, the GPL requires that modified versions be marked as
changed, so that their problems will not be attributed erroneously to
authors of previous versions.

  Some devices are designed to deny users access to install or run
modified versions of the software inside them, although the manufacturer
can do so.  This is fundamentally incompatible with the aim of
protecting users' freedom to change the software.  The systematic
pattern of such abuse occurs in the product line of personal computers
in use by the majority of the computing public.  Therefore, the GPL
provides recourse for this specific problem with Sections 15 and 16,
which make obligations for those who distribute software in these cases.

  Affero General Public License incorporates the terms and conditions
of GPLv3, with an additional term to prevent proprietary Affero server
software from denying users access to its source code through a network.

  You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public
License along with this program.  If not, see
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>.

TERMS AND CONDITIONS

For ArtiPanel and ArtiPanel Contributors:

This is a free software. You can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU Affero General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or any later
version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU
Affero General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU Affero General Public
License along with this program. If not, see
<https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html>.

For full license details, visit: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/agpl-3.0.html
